oc-content-enhancement (#277)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/operation_center/index.md

## 🤔 What’s the Operations Center?

The Operations Center is **an eXtended Detection and Response SaaS platform** that leverages **Cyber Threat Intelligence** to combine **anticipation** with **automated incident response**.

It allows you to easily integrate and analyze the events produced by your systems in real time, and we designed it with the sole purpose of protecting your assets and entities from potential cyber threats. 

## 🔑 Key Features

- A **dashboard** with a wide range of **widgets** to provide you with an overall view of your systems’ health

> - A **Rules’ Catalog** full of detection rules (588 to this day) and updated on a regular basis by our incredible analysts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A **Rules’ Catalog** full of detection rules (588 to this day) and updated on a regular basis by SEKOIA.IO analysts.
```

IMHO, we should stay factual here and avoid using too much superlatives.
